hey guys sorry Jay here and today i'm
here to review the we dad curl cohosh
what i want to say right off the bat is
that i love me Dad so I was really
excited when they sent me this product
to review okay and before I get into the
four of you I just want to talk a little
bit about the product it is a low foam
cleansing conditioner that is so thick
free and this is for all textures so
because this was my first time using the
product I did follow the directions is
that saturate hair thoroughly with
lukewarm water divided support section
of 53 28 pumps to each section now you
guys know I have a lot of hair very
thick hair I was really happy that they
said apply 328 pumps to each section
massage scalp with fingers are conferred
to distribute evenly leave one for the
duration of bath or shower than rats it
does say we recommend short lunch
through the four pumps medium than 24 25
bumps long limbs 528 pumps
you
what is the word
makes me breathless every time I see you
what is
maybe spell me son say it happens only
once in a lifetime ribbon when it comes
you got it set aside online you make me
smile when I candy done no no no but a
nice when when you call me I'll be a
honey bee / be sweet and
libyan sound
Oh
okay so the end result what I really did
like about this product was that it did
son I was very very excited so when I
first used this conditioner I used five
to six pumps and my hair was like
extremely clean I was really surprised
because let me just say that I am NOT
about that curly girl method life okay
um I need shampoo okay I like my hair
it's me plants thoroughly because i use
a lot of butters and scholars and that
can cause build up on your skull if you
don't get that stuff up so that's why I
don't fool with girly girl method no
shade to everyone who does it's just not
for me okay so I was really excited that
this actually did cleanse my hair and it
foamed up it does say low foam cleansing
conditioner but it gave me a lot and I
don't know if that's because I used too
much or whatever but it gave me a lot of
suds and I like sit so happy about that
um my hair wasn't really moisturize done
when I use five six pumps so I wasn't
really feeling that so the next time I
used it I only used three to four pumps
for a section and my hair was actually
softer the next time around so I would
recommend use less first before you use
more that way you can get the total
against benefits of the products the
product is pricey just a thirty dollar
product but this is 16 ounces so uh this
is I don't know if you know I would
necessarily buy this product but when
you think about some of the products out
there usually 48 ounce for a good decent
conditioner or conditioning cleanser I'm
guessing it costs about thirteen to
fifteen dollars so I've used you know
eight
eight of 16 you're going to be paying
about the same amount so i'm guessing
thirty dollars is not that bad for a
cleansing conditioner i don't usually
pay that much when i was paying for
products I wasn't usually you know
buying things that cost that much
because I use a lot of conditioner or I
use a lot of shampoo I don't really buy
conditioning cleansers but um you know
for some people who you know pay that
much for a product that may not be that
much letting who with that being said
I'm going to continue to use this
product i'm going to use all of it and i
want to thank we danced so much for
sending it to me i hope that this review
was helpful to you guys and if you are
charges products let me know how you
liked it in the comment box then if you
haven't used this product let me know in
comment box if you plan on target all
right you guys thanks so much for
watching
I